##Data science use case in healthcare: 
Breast cancer prediction
There are many sources of data collected by doctors and healthcare providers, including electronic health records (EHRs), wearable devices, medical research studies, and billing records.The use of innovative data science techniques and data analysis is gradually revolutionizing the whole healthcare sector and offering the most promising and impactful solutions for its future.In particular, some highly specialized fields of healthcare such as genetics, reproductive medicine, oncology, biotechnology, radiography, predictive diagnostics, and pharmaceutics have moved to a completely new level thanks to unlocking the full potential of their data.

In women, breast cancer is the most common type of cancer.Tests such as MRI, mammogram, ultrasound and biopsy are commonly used to diagnose breast cancer performed.A tumor can be cancerous or benign. A cancerous tumor is malignant, meaning it can grow and spread to other parts of the body. A benign tumor means the tumor can grow but will not spread, diagnosing these conditions in time either benignly or malignantly significantly increases the chances of successful treatment and survival. Given breast cancer results from breast fine needle aspiration (FNA) test (is a quick and simple procedure to perform, which removes some fluid or cells from a breast lesion or cyst (a lump, sore or swelling) with a fine needle similar to a blood sample needle). 

Here's where data science can Diagnosing a breast pathology in time, either benign or malignant, is extremely important since it significantly increases the chances of successful treatment and survival rate.This is where data science comes can help.
Through the use of data mining algorithms and machine learning algorithms, it is now possible to predict the risk of breast cancer, detect any anomalies at an early stage, estimate its dynamics, and thus devise an optimal strategy for preventing it.I think it can be classified as a typical machine learning problem.The main issue with using such datasets in classifiers is that they can be strongly imbalanced. 
For example, in the case when the outcome is represented in a form of cancer / no cancer, the probability of having a pathology (those dataset entries that belong to the minority class) is considerably lower than the probability of not having any pathology (the entries belonging to the majority class). As a result, the algorithm tends to classify new cases as non-pathological ones. Hence, for assessing the accuracy of such models more efficiently, it makes sense to apply the F1-score as an evaluation metric, since it estimates false positives (type I error) and false negatives (type II error) rather than the cases when the algorithm classified the entries correctly.
Total women, in %, have a confirmed cancer which is 37% of all the respondents have breast cancer.Based on our data, the logistic regression model performs best when predicting a malignant/benign breast tumor for a woman with a detected breast pathology of any nature.